Now before we move any further,
it's important to point out that there are a few minor
differences between Spring Boot Actuator 1.x and 2.x.
The actual implementation change from 1.x to 2.x,
they took the 1.x API and improved upon it,
but fundamentally, the concepts are still the same.
So 1.x and 2.x vary in implementation, but conceptually, they're the same.
Now I've listed a number of the differences between
version 1 and version 2 and we're not going to go into
the detail into each individual 1, but I've listed them here so that one,
you're aware of them, and two, you can refer back to this list if you need to.
The main focus of this course is on Spring Boot Actuator 2.x, or version 2.
Now that we've seen and learned about what Spring Boot Actuator is, let's dive in and actually start using it.